4 Years Ago
Super delicious! The next generation
Water Dispenser
The ultimate natural spring
water to keep you healthy
Call time - The secret to successful
walk-in sales is a smile!!
Clincity Inc.
Saturdays - Just 2 hours in the morning!!
Working with a fun staff daily!
Working at a sushi shop!
Just packing sushi into containers
or working the register!!
I got 20,000 just for getting hired!
My hourly wage went up a lot, too.
Power Stone
You can become a millionaire, too!!
Mob Psycho 100 II
Poor, Lonely, Whitey
Telepathy Club
Body Improvement Club
Body improvement!!
Potato
Demons
Spirits and Such Consultation Office
Guspo
Restaurant
Incoming call
Master Reigen
Dug his own grave
Reception
Spirits and Such Consultation Office
4 Years Ago
Option A -- Trial Course
Option B -- Serious Course
Option C -- All-Out Course
Spirits and Such Consultation Office
Mob Psycho 100 II
Salt
Super popular!!
Yosokaze!
Karaoke
Newbie Idol's Blog Gets Flamed
Search
Archive - Settings
Congratulations! It's your birthday today.
Upload a photo or video, or post something
See messages from your friends
wishing you a happy birthday (0 messages)
To Arataka - From Mom
Save me! -
Kokkuri-san won't leave my house!
Exorcism request -
Hello? Are you a psychic?
Perv Master -
We got a fresh batch of pervy…
Happy birthday. How are you doing?
Are you still in that shady business?
Remember our neighbors, the Kobayashis?
I heard their oldest son got married
just last month.
You should hurry up and find a secure job.
You still have a chance. You're only 28.
Make sure you take care of yourself.
Here's my gift to you. - Open attachment
Looking for staff
Whitey Recruitment Invitation
A cheerful and fun workplace
Reunion
Happy Trails
New Reigen Arataka
Spirits and Such
Consultation Office
Don't tell people personal information.
No payments upfront. Don't sign contracts.
Reigen Arataka-san, is a true psychic.
I can feel my luck improving.
One of the few real psychics. He gave me
advice, and I finally met my match.
I'm so thankful. I just can't stop crying.
No one was willing to help me but Reigen.
All of our satisfied customers
Fantasy Hell
We asked Shinra Banshomaru
what he thought
Popularity
Reigen Arataka is the real deal!
He exorcised the online ghost!
The Online Ghost Has Finally Been
Exorcised! A True Psychic Actually Exists
Reigen Arataka Fansite
A Blog About the Bro of Seasoning City
Reigen Arataka… There's no doubt about it…
The man might seriously be a god.
Popularity
Spirits and Such Consultation Office
Gozz TV Director Binwan Taro
Supernatural Detective!
Do Spiritual Powers Actually Exist?
Special
One week later
Supernatural Detective
Special!!
Host
Ebihara Morizo
Mogi Tatsuya
Jodo Kirin - Reigen Arataka
Do Spiritual Powers Actually Exist!?
Special!!
Anti-Possession Jumping Knee Strike
Cornered
~True Identity~